# Optimized RSS Feeds for Product Management
# Based on diagnostics results - working feeds only (79.4% success rate)
# Removed duplicates and known blocked/empty feeds

# Bing News RSS - Working
https://www.bing.com/news/search?q=Product+management&format=rss

# Mind the Product - Working
https://www.mindtheproduct.com/feed/

# Product Talk - Working
https://www.producttalk.org/feed/

# Roman Pichler - Working
https://www.romanpichler.com/feed/

# UX Design Newsletter - Working
https://newsletter.uxdesign.cc/feed

# Product Talk Daily - Working
https://producttalkdaily.substack.com/feed

# Get Product People - Working
https://getproductpeople.substack.com/feed

# Cutlefish by John Cutler - Working
https://cutlefish.substack.com/feed

# SVPG Articles - Working
https://www.svpg.com/articles/feed/

# Product Managers Newsletter - Working
https://productmanagers.substack.com/feed

# Growth Unhinged - Working
https://www.growthunhinged.com/feed

# Deb Pereira's Newsletter - Working
https://dpereira.substack.com/feed

# Lenny's Newsletter - Working
https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/feed

# Product Thinking - Working
https://www.productthinking.cc/feed

# Aakash's News - Working
https://www.news.aakashg.com/feed

# Leah Tharin - Working
https://www.leahtharin.com/feed

# Product Compass - Working
https://www.productcompass.pm/feed

# The Product Guy Blog - Working
https://tpgblog.com/feed/

# Sachin Rekhi - Working
https://www.sachinrekhi.com/rss

# Hacker Noon - Working
https://hackernoon.com/feed

# Product Talk Blog - Working
https://www.producttalk.org/blog/feed/

# Elezea - Working
https://elezea.com/blog/feed/

# Product Coalition - Working
https://www.productcoalition.com/feed

# Intercom Blog - Working
https://www.intercom.com/blog/feed/